                                  FQA

(0) What is this?
This is a rewriting of the 9front FQA into a markdown-like txt format.
This repository also contains an awk script that converts this txt file
to both html and roff using a macro package I created.  This repository
also contains the macro package in which the automatically generated
roff code is written in.

(1) Why rewrite 9front FQA?
Because the official FQA troff formatting sucks.

(2) Why the official FQA troff formatting sucks:
• It combines html markup with troff commands.
• It uses two different markups for some text elements.  For example,
  there's a `.html ul <ul>` and a `.QS` to markup blocks of quotation.
  Two markup commands for the same element!
• It repeats itself constantly.  Common patterns should be abstracted
  out into macros.
• It uses `.SH` (non-numbered section headings) rather than `.NH`
  (numbered section headings).  But the author puts numbers before the
  headings!  The ms macro package has a macro that automatically number
  stuff, but the author manually numbers them!
• It does not use the `.PP` macro to break paragraphs, but blank lines.

(3) Where are the funny pics?
I still have to download them. For now, I'm concentrating on the
formatting of the macro package and on the script.

(4) Why a new macro package? Why not -ms?
ms is nice, but it lacks list macros and its footnote macros do not
number footnotes automatically.  I also had to write a macro for
chapters.  So instead of expanding ms, I created my own troff macro
package, which took almost the same effort.

(5) Why?
This is just an experiment on troff.  I wanted to format a book in troff
and I wanted to test my txt->troff/html conversion script.  So 9front's
fqa was my victim for those tests.  

(6) Where is the index? Where are the other chapters?
I still have to work on a index awk script.  I'm still rewriting the
other chapters.

(7) Does this work on groff/gawk?
I tested the script on OpenBSD awk(1) and 9front awk(1).  The troff file
was processed using Heirloom troff on OpenBSD and 9front troff on 9front.
I have no idea whether that works on GNU stuff.
